hey how's it going Dave 2d here so MSI
is a gaming company they have a lot of
gaming hardware they have laptops
components for desktops they have gaming
accessories their gaming everything and
when they announced this thing a laptop
for creatives that could game I didn't
think it would be something special
because they're just not known for
products like this but this is awesome
the PS 63 is a device that they're
calling the 16 by 16 by 16 laptop and
that just refers to its specs it's 16
millimeters thick it's 1600 grams and
has acclaimed battery life of 16 hours
which seems impossibly long now right
off the RIP the build quality in this
thing is way better than most MSI
laptops that I've used the fit and
finish of everything is just a little
bit more refined the aluminium panels
fit tighter there's just less flex on
the chassis it's a better built laptop
than I expected
so as an example the GS 65 from last
year their ghost very popular gaming
laptop with great performance but the
build wasn't amazing they've stepped it
up on the PS 63 it's still not a tank
there's still some flex on the screen if
you torque it but it's just built way
better than I thought it would be the
screen itself is a 1080p display it's
got good color gamut good brightness
with relatively thin bezels the webcam
is up top image quality on that is okay
but the screen itself is quite good now
powering the system is a lower water CPU
the 85 65 U and a reasonably powerful
GPU on this system it's the 10 50 TI max
Q so normally when you have a CPU like
this companies will combine that CPU
with either the stock like Intel
integrated GPU which is normally garbage
or if you're lucky you'll get like an MX
150 which is decent not a gaming GPU but
decent this GPU is significantly better
the 10 50 TI max-q in here pushes out
very respectable frame rates in games
and that's kind of why I like this
product so much this combination of CPU
and GPU really makes sense some
companies will sell MX 150 laptops for
900 maybe $1000 which is cool but
sometimes you'll see companies selling
MX 150 laptops for fifteen or sixteen
hundred dollars and those are not gaming
laptops they are capable of playing some
games but they're just not gaming
laptops I don't even call this a gaming
laptop so when you charge fifteen or
sixteen hundred dollars
and your GPU isn't able to provide great
frame rates and games then it's just
that product just doesn't make sense to
me at that price point this device from
MSI feels right you're getting like
double the performance of an MX 150 s
you're getting double the frame rate
double the enjoyment in games like maybe
even double the kills who knows this is
a proper gaming experience it's still
not a gaming laptop right you're not
gonna like when MLG tournaments with it
but the product makes sense for an
average consumer or creative because you
can do so much with it now the biggest
strength of this device is actually its
battery life now they claimed 16 hours I
ran a couple tests on it I'm not getting
16 I got like 12 and a half 13 hours
which is still very very impressive and
they're able to do that because they
have a big battery in here it's 80 watt
hours and it's fueling a CPU that's not
super energy intensive it's a you
processor so the ports on this thing are
okay there's three USB a one use PC but
that use PC port does not support
Thunderbolt three and I think that's
probably this products biggest
shortcoming there are some people out
there that would love to connect this
thing to an external GPU and I feel like
it's a great candidate for that but it
doesn't support Thunderbolt 3 and that's
probably why this laptop isn't perfect
for some people and it also doesn't
support use bc charging so the AC
adapter comes with is 90 watts it's
under that limit of use pc charging
capabilities I think those go up to like
99 or 100 watts so they could have done
it but I feel like for cost they chose
to use a barrel plug the price is also a
little high this unit here is gone for
$1,500 of the 1050 Ti there's a cheaper
model that's 1,400 but I feel like if
it's just a little bit cheaper it feels
like a hundred two hundred dollars
cheaper this would be like really
popular and maybe they'll go on sale but
it's a relatively unique product I feel
like MSI knows that so they're just
gonna charge whatever they can right now
the speakers are on the bottom they get
reasonably loud they don't sound amazing
I think location has something to do
with it they're just firing down onto
the table you can see them when you
remove the bottom panel and you have
access to upgradable RAM storage and
Wi-Fi all easily accessed the keyboard
up top is also nice I'm partial to MSI's
keyboards I always find them kind of
easy to get into easy to use with a good
layout I will say though that the spring
back on this is a little bit softer I
feel like I complain about this on all
of their keyboards but most people will
get used to this quite quickly
now the trackpad is better than I
thought it would be
it has a fingerprint sensor for people
that want it and it also has this
textured glass that feels quite nice
it's a very smooth frictionless glass
texture that MSI normally doesn't use on
their trackpad so that's a nice addition
it's also running Windows precision
drivers so thumbs up for that there's
some software in here that gives you
control over CPU and GPU usage as well
as fan control which is nice but the
fans and thermals are both good the fans
don't get super louder doesn't throttle
under normal use it's a very solid
overall laptop so it's a thin and light
device with great battery life but can
also play games and the whole time it
looks relatively stealth like there's no
obnoxious red and crazy RG B's and stuff
it's very neutral looking device with
just a lot of flexibility so if you're
interested in this device and I think
some of you might be keep in mind that
its strength is battery life right like
there are devices like this made by
other companies but they tend to have
shorter battery lives this is a solid
like 12 hour battery life you can bring
this to work without bring your charger
bring this back and just you know that's
your routine that's your thing to play
games on the side do work on the other
side solid device ok MSIP s63 hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs if you
liked it subs if you loved it see you
guys next time
[Music]